Well, basically abstraction is
just getting away from the hardware and building on other things.
If I have a string and a number and I want an address,
I can build it out of strings and say integers with the name and address.
So I can basically sort of build up from previous things.
Each time you do that,
you say you're abstracting from the underlying thing providing a new abstraction.
So from strings, I can build addresses and I can build file path support,
I can build log messages,
I can build just endless things you can build on top and that's called abstraction.
Building more closer to the human and
the user needs than the basic stuff that's in the machine.